feat: add `array/base/last` (#1023)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/array/base/last/README.md

<!--

@license Apache-2.0

Copyright (c) 2022 The Stdlib Authors.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

-->

# last

> > Returns the last element from an array-like object, with support for the accessor protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Return the last element of an array-like object.
```

<!-- Section to include introductory text. Make sure to keep an empty line after the intro `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<!-- Package usage documentation. -->

<section class="usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var last = require( '@stdlib/array/base/last' );
```

#### last( x )

> Returns the element at the last index from an array-like object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the last element of an array-like object.
```

```javascript
var x = [ 1, 2, 3 ];

var out = last( x );
// returns 3

> 
> var bool = ( out === 1 );
> // returns false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```

</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

<!-- Package usage notes. Make sure to keep an empty line after the `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="notes">

</section>

<!-- /.notes -->

<!-- Package usage examples. -->

<section class="examples">

## Examples

<!-- eslint no-undef: "error" -->

```javascript
var Complex64Array = require( '@stdlib/array/complex64' );
var realf = require( '@stdlib/complex/realf' );
var imagf = require( '@stdlib/complex/imagf' );
var last = require( '@stdlib/array/base/last' );

// Create a complex number array:

> var arr = new Complex64Array( 10 );

Reviewer: ```suggestion
var arr = new Complex64Array( [ 1.0, 2.0, 3.0, 4.0, 5.0, 6.0 ] );
```

> // Returns the last element from the complex number array: <Complex64>
> var out = last( arr );

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Return the last element:
var out = last( arr );
// returns <Complex64>
```

var re = realf( out );

> // returns 0.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// returns 5.0
```

var im = imagf( out );

> // returns 0.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// returns 6.0
```

console.log( '%d + %di', re, im );

> // => '0 + 0i'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// => '5 + 6i'
```
